what i love about this next clip
is such an unusual pairing right so i
never would have put these two together
given what's about to happen
i'm still here
[Laughter]
what's it saying uh i i think we should
wait for the ambulance this shouldn't be
happening in an hour
i've got weeks left how long are we
going to be how long are you going to be
speaker i'm putting you on speaking
phone right i'm putting you on the
speakerphone
[Music]
kim can you leave me yes i need to know
how far you're dilated
[Laughter]
i know what it means he's not doing it
funny enough to do this later
i love this i love really really
do me a favor
[Laughter]
listen when you're in that close
proximity
and only one of you can do the pushing
can you take your hands off
you need field help
that's comedy gold
[Music]
do you know what i so love working with
steve yeah
[Music]
he just gives it to you do you know me
he's fully committed and the best
commitment
it's a boy it's a party
of course kim had already given birth in
the vic it was all kicking off and that
was a live episode
yes it was it was the 30th anniversary
of the show giving birth live
that was great i loved it you know
you're sitting down there okay
and you're coming in five four
[Music]
because now they've gone to the other
side yeah to do the other side of your
life
coming back to you in fact
it was fun and then the second time in
the minute mark
i'm like please yeah but that again i
thought you promised me a bed
baby number three well let's see because
in real life i'm done
[Music]